Max level integration (#7)
a-sit-plus/warden-supreme: docs/docs/integration/supreme.md

    This concerns the first app, since the second one overrides these values.
    10. This is hardly used in practice and shows the default
    11. This is rather optimistic, but the majority of devices running Android 13 should not screw this up.
    12. Usully, you will always want hardware attestation, so you'd need to explicityl disable it
    13. This is for devices launched with Android 7.0 who have not received an upgraded KeyMaster. Such devices are onyl capable of key attestation.  
    Their app attestation claims are only software-atested!
    14. Warden Supreme does not need to enforce this, because cryptographic nonces are used to ensure freshness.  
    It is not recommended to set this value, because many OEMs mess this up!
    15. Required if you run Warden behind a proxy to fetch revocation information from Google servers!
    16. A single iOS app for evaluation purposes.
    17. Uses the test stage
    18. Custom trusted root is set, to enable generating iOS attestation proofs in software for evaluation purposes.
    19. This could already be a production value, in preparation for the real iOS app

>     20. This is simply Apple's recommendation plus five minutes offset

Reviewer: The value described is 600 ... so Apple's recommendation is 5 minutes, which are 300 seconds?

    no real use case for such a configuration **except for testing**.

### Attestation Verifier Setup

??? tip inline end
    Instead of passing a `Makoto` instance, it is also possible to directly use bare configuration parameters directly, as if configuring Makoto, to cut out the middle-man in code.

First, an `AttestationVerifier` instance needs to be created based on a `Makoto` instance:

??? info inline end "Important Nonce Info"
    Under the hoot, the attestation verifier needs a source to generate attestation challenges, track them, invalidate, and match them against incoming attestation requests.
    Warden Supreme provides a secure nonce generation service and uses an in-memory challenge cache by default, which is fine for small to medium load but not for larger production deployments.
    In such scenarios, roll your own, backed by a RDBMS!

```kotlin
--8<-- "Readme-Verifier-min.kt:3"
```

1. Yes, it really is that simple 99% of the time!

??? example "Comprehensive list of Verifier options"
    ```kotlin
    --8<-- "Readme-Verifier.kt:18"
    ```
    

>     1. We want Warden Supreme to conveys the attestation proof inside the CSR using a custom OID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. We want Warden Supreme to convey the attestation proof inside the CSR using a custom OID.
```
But the code actually uses the default OID!? Also, how would we set a custom OID? By string? a custom data class?

###  Handling Requests
This example assumes Ktor. Since this is an example environment, TLS is omitted for brevity.

```kotlin
--8<-- "Readme-Backend.kt:50"
```

1. We're using JSON to transmit the challenge and the final response.
2. Endpoint to serve challenges to clients
3. It does nothing but issuing challenges
4. The full URL to post the attestation proof to
5. Endpoint expecting CSRs containing attestation proofs
6. Read the raw CSR from the HTTP body
7. Here, inside the `verifyAttestation` lambda, we already have a verified attestation according to the configured `makoto` instance.
8. Signing a `TbsCertificate` automatically creates an X.509 certificate
9. The contents of your leaf certificate are up to you! What follows is just an example.
10. Remember: The key from the CSR is already attested here!
11. Build the full certificate chain
12. Finally, respond with the result:
    * On success, the certificate chain produced above will be returned.
    * On failure, an explanation about what failed will be returned.

### Client Integration

!!! warning inline end "Key Management"

>     Warden Supreme does not check if a key for an alias exists. This is your responsibility!

Reviewer: What happens when there is a key stored for that alias?

The `AttestationClient` doesn't even come with any configuration options.

## Beyond the Basics

The step-by-step guide above illustrates the intended ways of using Warden Supreme, bolting down as many moving parts as possible.
Reality, though, is a complex beast and sometimes a little more control is needed. In particular, logging is often not only desirable, but essential.
Hence, the verifier allows for hooking into every possible outcome of an attestation verification.
This also allows for customizing the explanations sent to clients.

!!! tip inline end "Debugging"
    Head over to the dedicated [debugging page](debugging.md) to learn how to debug attestation issues!

The Supreme attestation verifier only returns an enum indicating the reason for an error, with the option to attach a custom explanatory string.
This is by design, as it is generally undesirable to expose the internals of a back-end to clients.

On the backend, however, attestation issues typically need to be analysed. Hence, the Supreme attestation validator provides
three callbacks to analyse attestation errors and success (without side effects):

```kotlin
--8<-- "Readme-Backend-callbacks.kt:15:45"
```

> 1. This is simply the CSR from the client, as in th MWE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. This is simply the CSR from the client, as in the minimal example
```

2. `onPreAttestationError` is called in case of operational/internal errors, or if the attestation statement cannot
   be extracted from a CSR. Different side-effect-free handling strategies can be employed based on error type.
3. At the end of `onPreAttestationError`, it is possible to return a custom error explanation to the client (can be null).
4. `onAttestationError` is called if the attestation statement fails to verify. This includes an invalid bootloader lock state, wrong package identifier, etc.
5. Again, a custom error message can be sent to the client
6. `onAttestationSuccess` is called right before an `AttestationResponse.Success` is returned. It has a verified attestation statement as its receiver and the associated public key as parameter.
   This can be useful for statistical analyses, for example.
7. This is the certificate signing lambda, also having a fully verified attestation result as receiver.
  In contrast to `onAttestationSuccess` it receives the fully verified CSR as a parameter.

> The [step-by-step guide](#warden-supreme-step-by-step-guide) will cover most use cases perfectly well.

Reviewer: This links to the page we are already on?!
